UCLA Softball Rachel Garcia did it all this year. Impressive performance after impressive performance, the Bruins starter led her team to their first a National title after almost a decade, while also collecting individual accolades. 
Garcia notched her second USA Softball Player of the Year award, becoming only the third woman in almost two decades to win it back-to-back. It was one hell of a season.

https://www.teamusa.org/USA-Softball/News/2019/May/28/Rachel-Garcia-named-2019-USA-Softball-Collegiate-Player-of-the-Year

After watching the dual-threat throw a 179-pitches shutout (and also walk it off on extras), I decided to take a look at how good the pitcher's year really was compared to over 1,400 seasons of other college pitchers.
https://bleacherreport.com/articles/2839143-watch-uclas-rachel-garcia-hit-walk-off-hr-after-throwing-179-pitch-cg-shutout

As a matter of fact, the last two seasons Garcia has played in the NCAA were outstanding, the junior one being even more impressive than her also POY-worthy sophomore year.

After a first year when she was no more than an average pitcher, Garcia's ERA dropped and her strikeouts per seven innings took off to top of the league levels. As good as she was with a 1.14 ERA (slightly under the top 10 average) and 9.9 Ks per seven innings (3.5 above top 10 average), however, Garcia was only one of the three best pitchers in the NCAA this year. 

We are intentionally disregarding the batting aspect of Garcia's game here, but it is undeniable that much of her (and UCLA's) success had to do with the combination of her right arm and her heavy bat. Drake University's right-handed Nicole Newman was by far the best pitcher this year (she pitched five, not a typo, five perfect games last season).
https://www.ncaa.com/news/softball/article/2019-05-11/softball-drakes-nicole-newman-sets-ncaa-record-5th-perfect-game

Check out on the chart below how Garcia compares to other pitchers:

CHART GOES HERE

Being awarded twice the USA Softball Player of the Year puts Garcia along the likes of Monica Abbott and Cat Osterman, two of the all-time greats and also recognized as POYs (Osterman is the only woman todo it three times, and you need to this espnW profile on her). 

http://www.espn.com/espnw/sports/article/24862810/pitcher-cat-osterman-says-unfinished-business-prompted-comeback-bid-2020-olympics

The three are now teammates on the US national team in the lead up to the Tokyo 2020 Olympics softball comeback. Along with other pitchers, they will vie for the projected three pitching spots in the 15-woman roster. The UCLA star's batting ability could weight on her favor when decision time comes as Abbott and Osterman do not add as much on that end.

The final verdict is that Garcia's seasons stack up pretty high with the likes of Abbott, Kelly Barnhill, or other outstanding pitchers, but fall short of a greatness status. In fact, Garcia is half an earned run above and two to four strikeouts below per game from what should be the definition of greatness: Osterman 2003 to 2007 run with the University of Texas -- but, then, with Osterman we are in GOAT-status conversation.

Another truly impressive fact about Garcia is the jump made from her rookie season. No player showed that much evolution over a two-year period. Barnhill went from an already impressive season in 2016 to possibly the best performance ever by a college pitcher in the following year, but she has only regressed since. Abbott also had a big jump in the season she won player of the year. If Garcia can avoid a senior year backslide and keep improving her game, in a few years we might be a having a different type of conversation about her.

She has two more years of eligibility under her belt, and there are high expectations on what Garcia can achieve. Can she lead the Bruins once again to a championship? Notch another POY award? Help the US reclaim gold at the Olympics? 2020 has everything be a thrilling softball season.